This lecture is brought to you by Beauford Road Baptist Church.
The speaker today is Deacon Danny Kahoot.
I have titled this lesson today the real deal.
D-E-A-L. And I'll get into a little bit of that here in just a minute, but it's going to be kind of a testimonial and scripted service.
Listen, and if you ever thought about, do you have your favorite Bible character in your life?
Somebody that you, you're glued to their life, you study them, you're fascinated by them.
I have several than no.
I'm gonna cover one in particular that I'm gonna share some stuff with you.
You probably have never heard it taught this way.
And there's a lot of people that have gone on before us that underneath their life, there's a whole history that is hidden.
And for instance, I just kind of don't know where to take into this.
One of my favorite is Matthew, the disciple Matthew.
Now, we know that God called him, that the Lord called him into the discipleship, but very few people really know anything at all about him.
And this is not where the lessons going, it's just off the top of my head here.
Matthew is what they call the mochi.
M-O-K-H-E. What that was is a public and a tax collector.
You had the Gabbi, which went out and collected taxes.
The mokey would turn it over to the mokey, the mokey would go out and just rub handle people.
The gabbos would take their land and property and tax that and turn it over to the mokey.
The mokey would tax everything else, anything that moved on a wheel.
And he would turn it over to the chief public and which was their great mokey.
Well, when Matthew was a child, when he decided to turn his life over to a Republican outside of a Tanner, someone that messed with dead bodies, they were hated by the Jews.
He basically sold his birth, where he says, for money, I'm giving up my family, I'm giving up my heritage, I'm giving up everything about me for money.
And so he became a mochi.
and they had totally disowned him, this family had disowned him, and he was just a publicer.
Jesus came by the seat of customs and said, follow me.
Well, he has felt so guilty in his life, this is history, and you can look it up yourself.
And he thought he had lost everything, and he was down in that gutter.
When he saw Jesus come by and give him another chance,
to come into the fold, to come back to the family, to come back.
He dropped everything.
He said, oh, oh, that was salvation to him.
And God and the Lord called him back in and he forgot to say that life.
And this is why when you say that Jesus, that he had a great supper at his house.
The only thing that was there was public and sinners.
They were all tax companies.
That's all he knew.
His whole life was centered around for them.
And these people sat back, look at him.
He's Jesus.
He's eating with the Republicans because they hated Republicans and they hated Jesus.
Look at him.
He's a master.
He's eating, but there was nothing.
It was a great company in that house of nothing but Republicans and sinners.
That's not what the listen is.
But Matthew is one of my favorite people in the entire Bible because I've studied his life.
And the pastor has taught quite a bit on second chances given having another opportunity once we fall to be forgiven and come back.
And so that's just one of mine.
I'm going to talk a little bit, one of my favorites is David.
You know, why would, well, I'm going to keep back to that in just a minute.
I'm going to talk about this other fellow first.
I'm going to cover some stuff about King David.
You know, you think, why would Jesus say, this man is a man after my own heart?
And he went out on when he was, when he ever had, was his in power.
So a woman maven slept with her, got pregnant, sent off and murdered his husband.
And then why, how could Jesus say, that's a man after my own heart?
That's a lot deeper than just that outside story.
David, the reason why I think he's one of my favorite in the Bible is he didn't run from God when he messed up.
When he messed up, like most people leave the church, leave here, quit this, quit that pride.
Every time, every single time, and I'm going to cover a few of these things that David messed up, he ran to God.
He ran to God.
He pretended.
He was convicted.
And God said, that man, I'm going to sit on his throne.
But I'm going to read something here that Russ B. Goodman wrote a song, Look for Me.
And I've been thinking about that song this way.
This is why I'm bringing this part of the lesson in.
The second verse of that song says,
when you're in there, and you've gone down your list of everybody you want to see, your loved ones, you want to see them, and you finally reached the last one after, even a million years or two years, two million years, that you've shared your story with.
You know, we've got eternity.
Look for me, I'd like to hear it.
Can you imagine the mountains of people?
Tell me how you made it through.
And you've got eternity took to just talk to the millions, the same amazing.
Tell me about it.
Well, here, I'm gonna read, I'm gonna get an obituary up here.
And I'm gonna read an obituary and cover a little story about this right here that has affected every single person that's ever come through the doors of this church, even before the first break was laid.
God had his hand on it.
And this right here, if I don't care who they are, if they've ever darkened the doors of this church, this story right here has affected them.
So I'm going to read it.
Can you call that read that up there so we can.
You'll see this and you'll see where I'm going with this in just a second.
Here we are, I've read this right here.
Chesapeake Reverend Zack Jeremiah Deal.
This, my friend, is the real deal.
This is why I titled this lesson.
95 years old passed away Tuesday, January 6, 2015, born in Deep Creek, North Virginia.
He was the son of late Zack Jeremiah Deal and Madeleine Park Deal.
Zack Deal was pre-processed by his beloved wife, Robert,
Williams, Dale, and grandson Shawn Michael, Dale.
He served as a missionary 40 years in Columbia, South America.
Subsequently, he served as Hispanic pastor, Talia Lynn Baptist Church, Stevens Memorial Hispanic Church, and Matt Spill Baptist Church.
He also served Spanish-speaking missionary and internationals, Siemens House of Norfolk, and Chesapeake Regional Jail.
He was a longtime member of Deep Creek Baptist Church.
All right, we can do, he's gonna now go through the family, so we can cut that all.
Jeremiah, Zach, deal.
Back when my mom and dad first got married.
They were married in the Catholic church.
My mom converted to Catholicism for temporary.
Her whole family went to Monumental Baptist Church over in Petersburg.
My mom and dad, my mom convinced my dad
to come to the missions conference.
Missions is powerful.
One of the speakers there for that week was Reverend Zach Deov.
And Zach Deov, for some reason, rasped on to my dad, young boy back in the mid-50s.
Found out he liked to hunt.
Let's go hunting, Jimmy.
This guy was on off the field for the missions conference.
I've confirmed this with my dad before he died and with my mom recently.
So that every single day during the day, while they were doing off the mission call, Zag deal would take my dad and they would go out hunting in my dad.
And my dad was witness to it.
He, he discipled my, he, he witnessed to him and just, just preached and taught him Jesus.
My dad was an altar boy in a Catholic church.
This is how close.
One person, you can win one person and change this world.
This is how close me and my brother came, being raised up in, in, in, in, said, sprinkler.
Oh, it's a big mess.
On a Thursday night, my dad went down and accepted Christ.
Zag deal.
won my dad to the Lord.
Personally, just took him out every single day, starting on Monday morning, and they went up Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday, the Holy Spirit convicted my dad.
My dad accepted Christ.
They left the Catholic Church.
They'll make a long story short.
When a woman told his family, my grandfather,
took everything that my dad had throughout it in front yard and said, do not ever step foot on his property again.
My dad drew a line.
And there's a whole lot more to that, so that there.
And so when you look exactly, if my dad, if this man, Zach Deale, had not ministered to my dad more than likely, we wouldn't have never,
Think of the, you know, but God saw the doors of this church long before.
And so I had, I'm bringing that in as, as when we were history of people that we know, we'll never really know the real, like most of the majority of the church will never hear this story.
They'll never know whose act deal is.
I'm right now in the process.
I'm trying to reach their family.
I want to get a picture of him.
His sons were in ministry and I'm trying to reach out to the, to the, all alone is one picture of it.
I want to see the man that changed this world.
Cause my dad, he was quiet.
He was, he was, he was, but, but, but the backbone that he had to stand up to his family and through that we have a preacher through that, this ministry has sent millions, thousands across this world.
have won come to the Lord through our missionaries.
I can't begin the number that have come through here.
These doors in accepted Christ.
So the whole ministry landed on the shoulders of that one man's act deal.
That my friend is the real deal.
That's why I named that lesson.
That's just part of the lesson what I want to be teaching this morning.
When once we do crossover, what will people say about us?
What will be our testimony that we leave?
Well, we have won one, and that won, I mean, I'm sure my dad died two years ago.
One of the first, he wanted to see his family.
But I'm certain, I'm 100% certain.
because Zach died earlier.
He wanted to find Zach Deal and give him a great big hug.
Think about it.
Who is it that you would like to see?
Will they be there?
I'm telling you, with things going on in this world right now, it's just a terrible thing.
Terrible mess with you.
How much more will God put us through as Christian people?
Okay, so now I'm gonna shift gears a little bit on the life of David.
And I'm gonna talk a little bit about him.
The pastor always says, we can always read things, get something different and get something out of the entire script.
I'm gonna teach a little bit of different about the life of David.
It's just an observation.
I could be dead wrong on a lot of it, but I'm not gonna be
This is not going to be heresy wrong.
It'll just be my opinions on it.
But let's go to 2 Samuel.
When David was a little boy, he took care of the flocks.
She and everything.
There's no doubt in my mind when he was guarding the flock, he had that sling.
and all he had to do all day long was that slingshot, that slingshot, that slingshot.
I think that he got so proficient with that slingshot that he could hit a net on a fence pole.
I think that he got so professional, he was a sharp shooter with that slingshot.
He had so much confidence in himself
that it doesn't matter.
He could just sit there all day long and just just hour after hour after hour after day after day after month.
All he did all day long, slinging and slinging.
He got so good, he could just knock a net off your nose if you wanted to.
And when they were, let's go to 2 Samuel.
Let's see.
I want to jump ahead of it because I want to cover the whole background of it here.
Okay, let's go to 2 Samuel 17.
Okay, there was a battle going on.
You know, the Goliath was out there.
He was just just antagonizing the army's dead.
And the entire army was just totally fearful of him.
And so Jesse sends David out there to check to see how they're doing.
Okay, let's start at the verse 15.
David went and returned from Saul to feed his father's sheep.
Philistines drew near in the morning and evening, presented himself 40 days.
Just as he said to David, his son, take now that for that brother, and eat for the parched corn, and tin those, and run to the camp to that brother.
Carry these 10 cheeses onto the captain and the thousands, and look how
brother and fair and take their pledge.
He's basically saying, you go to the battlefield and check on my boys.
I'm worried about them.
Take them some food, take them some, you go check on my boys.
Nassau, verse 19, and they and all the men of Israel in the valley of Eli fighting the Philistines, David rose up early in the morning and left with the sheep with a keeper and took and went as Jesse had commanded him and he was going
And he came to the trench as the host was going forth to fight and shouted for battle.
For Israel and the Philistines had put the battle in a ray and the army was against army.
And David left his carriage in the hand of the keeper and ran to carriage and ran into the army and came to the, and saluted his brother.
And he talked with him and behold, there came up a champion, the Philistine, Gath, Goliath by name,
And the armies of the Philistines and speak according to the same words that David have heard them.
Basically, he's slandering.
He's saying, bring it on.
And the men of Israel said, have you seen this man that has come up, surely to defy Israel?
He has come up and it shall be.
And here's where I'm going to shift gears with the story and just take, it may not be, but just think about it for a second.
Here they're telling, telling the entire army,
They're fearful.
They're running and they're scared.
And it is a verse 25.
And the men of Israel said, have you seen this man that has come up surely to defy Israel as he come up?
It shall be that the man who killed him, the king will enrich him with great riches, will give him his daughter and will make his house free in Israel.
You know what that means?
That means if there's a man among you that will kill this one man right here, he'll never have to pay another tax.
He'll be free in the entire land of Israel.
He'll give him his daughter.
He'll enrich him with great riches.
Whoever does that, verse 26, and David spake to the men.
That stood by him saying, tell me that again.
Listen, there's just picture of this.
What shall be done to the man who killed this fist in the Philistine and take it the way the Prose were visual?
He said, hey, I got to hear that again.
This man is nothing.
I've got God on my side.
I just killed a bear with my bare hands.
I just killed a lion with my bare hands.
I know how.
Hey, who was this guy that's defying God?
David knew that the power of God was on his life because he had already delivered him from the bear.
He had already delivered him from the line.
David had so much faith in the God that he just looked at.
He battled after battle after battle.
He'd already been through as a young boy.
He said, who is this guy?
I've got God.
But he's looking at the prize as well.
What shall be known to the man that killed this Philistine and take us away the post-regal?
For who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he should defy the armies of God?
And the people answered him after this man was saying, so shall it be done to the man that killed him.
He told him again.
He's going to give him his daughter.
He's going to enrich him with riches.
And his whole family is going to be free.
He said, man, I'll take that deal.
I'll take that deal and where's he at?
He knew that all he had to do was see.
He said, God, I got God.
But I know what I can do with this line.
I think he made it.
He went up to pick them stones up.
I think he said, let me have an opener.
Wherever there's an opening, I'll sink the stone right between his eyes and my family's going to be free.
We're going to glorify God with this situation.
This man is not going to defy the armies of God.
I know that the power of God is going to go out of this rock and I'll sink it right in his, not right in his noggin.
Where's he at?
Picture this story now, because David is not only trusting in the power of God, but he's looking at man.
There's incentive here.
I mean, he's not David's not being stupid, but there's incentive in the first 27.
And the people answer them after this man are saying this, he'll be known to this man that killed them.
And Eli, his oldest brother, heard when he spoke to the men, and Eli's anger was kindled against David.
and said, why has thou come hither?
And with whom has thou left those few sheep in the wilderness?
I know thy pride and anointingness of thy heart, for thou come down to mighty see the battle."
And David said, what have I done?
Is there not a cause now?
Now I see this man is defined God.
This man is standing.
This man has got you running in fear.
Hey, man, we've got just let me have a chat.
Just let me have a chance.
And uh, verse 30, and he turned from him towards another aspect to the other, the same manner.
And the people answered him again in the form of matter.
They're telling him, you're, you're foolish.
You're not coming down here to beat the, you can't beat this man.
Look at the whole army.
You're scared.
What are you going to do?
You need to get on back to the sheet.
And when the words were heard, which Davis baked, they rehearsed them before Saul and he sent for.
and said unto Saul, let no man's heart fail him because of him, thy servant, will go and fight with this Philistine."
And Saul said to David, thou art not able to go against the Philistine to fight with him for thou, but he used.
And he a man of war from his youth.
And David said unto Saul, and here's what David's confidence is.
It's not in himself.
He's looking at his confidence that he has what God has already done in his life.
And, you know, if God wasn't with him, the bear would have ripped him.
If God wasn't with him, the lion would have tore him.
And David sent him this all.
The last servant kept his father's sheep.
They came a lion.
Now, there's not many people that's gonna stand up to a lion and tear him up.
And a bear.
Now, what does most of us gonna do when we see a bear?
David said, you ain't taking my seat there.
And he's trusting in God.
And took a lamb out of the flock.
And I went after him and smote him.
He didn't run away from him.
He went to him.
He went rainy to him and smote him and delivered it out of his mouth.
And when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard and smote him and slew him.
Now, this is just a young boy.
Now, what did that do for his faith?
Jumping ahead.
What do you do when you're in the battle?
Where do we put our faith?
What do we hold on to?
I serve them both, slew both the lion and the bear, and this is on circumcised Philistine.
She'll be as one in them, seeing he at the fire of the living God.
David wasn't putting all his confidence so much in his ability to sling all he knew he was a professional with that sling.
But he's saying, look, this is to glorify God.
We're going to bring these people to their knees.
Let me have him.
And I know what God can do with me.
I face the bear, I face the lion.
This man, this Philistine is going to be no different.
I'll sink a stone right in his confidence.
When you've got faith and you've got confidence in the Lord God that parted a red sea, there's nothing.
Whatever happens, God has allowed it to happen.
Yeah, if we can grasp that and I'm like, whatever happens in our life, well, it doesn't matter if God has allowed it, if our hearts are right, sinless?
No, but running to God when we're in trouble.
First, let's speak that again, verse 36, that sermon will slew both the lion and the bear, and his circumstances shall be as one of them, seeing they defied the armies of the living God.
David said, moreover, the Lord delivered me out of the pause the line.
See, he's not saying I delivered myself.
His confidence is in the ability that God has given him.
The Lord delivered me out of the pause the line and out of the pause the bear.
And he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine.
He had no doubt about it.
He's not sitting in a glorifying himself, oh, well, I can do that.
Oh, I want all this money.
I want to get the king's palace.
No, David says, hey, I'm going to take this man to his knees.
And there's a benefit for that.
We ain't going to pay no more taxes.
Can you imagine it?
I mean, what would you do if all of a sudden you had a proposition, you'll never have to pay another tax and you'll give rest of your life for anything free, free life.
I'd take a shot at it.
I might go down, but I'd
My center would be different than David's here.
No, let's read 37 again.
David said, more of the Lord that delivered me out of the hand of the pot of line and then out of the hand of the pot of bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine.
It's all said unto David, go, the Lord be with you.
See, Saul was different in his life.
When he got in trouble,
He went against what God said.
He wanted to do sacrifice instead of obey.
I'm not going to get into that part of it.
When he got into trouble and he felt like the Lord wasn't there, he goes to a witch to get advice.
He runs away when he's in trouble.
He doesn't run to the source.
Saul runs to the world.
Dave is different.
When he messed up, he runs to God and has a repentant heart.
and say, if we look, let me back up a little bit.
Well, let's move forward.
Let's jump ahead a little bit.
Here we all saw, I mean, David kills Goliath.
We know that story.
We've hit him right in between the four of you, dropped him.
Then there was a couple of other battles there and David had all these accolades and all these people were
We're just, oh, David did this, and David did that, and David did this.
And this brings us to another part of this lesson here, is when we see God bless another people.
When we see God anointing on someone's life, when we see God moving in a certain area to look back and get envious, or jealous, or they think they're this, and they think they're, and to use our heart with evil imaginations,
That's when Satan gets control of your life and he can make him miserable.
Look at this right here.
Chapter 18, verse 5, David went out with so ever with Saul sinning and behaved himself wisely.
Saul said, he him over men of war and he was accepted in the sight of all the people and also in the sight of Saul's service.
And it came to pass as they came when David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine.
Here's where a lot of us men, I mean, we could be out there doing all kinds of stuff growing up.
When the girls would come, we played a little bit harder.
We played a little bit rougher.
We played a little bit meaner.
When the girls were there watching, our attitudes changed.
for the girls.
I mean, I'm just looking, I'm just looking at my life here.
So, look, it's all here.
And you know, I know, I used to envy when I graduated from high school, I was 98 pounds.
That summer, I put on 40 pounds, I went up from 98 to 140, 145 in three months period.
I didn't hit my gross work till after I graduated.
I was never big enough for the high school ball team.
I was never, but I would always sit back and the girls would just go to these football players.
I would be Indian, something.
I mean, I would.
I mean, man, I sure wish I could, I was big.
I wish I could play.
I could play, but I won't big enough to compete.
I knew how to put, I just wasn't big enough.
So we'll jump ahead here and then I'll back up a little bit.
Let's look at this.
Verse 6, verse 1 Samuel 18 verse 6.
And it came to pass as they came when David was turned from the slaughter fizzling that the women came out of all the cities of Israel.
That's a whole lot of women there.
Singing and dancing.
to meet King Saul with tabarets, enjoy music and instruments.
And the women answered one another as they played and said, Saul has slain his thousands, but David is 10,000.
So what did that do to this man?
Oh boy, what have I done?
I've elevated.
So he became envious and jealous because the women were singing and dancing over David.
verse 8, and Saul was very wrath, and the saying displeased him, and they ascribed under David 10,000s.
To me, they have ascribed 1,000s.
What can he have more but the kingdom?
And Saul and David from that day forward.
So, jealousy and envy took over Saul.
Okay, to skip back a little bit,
Well, let's go back to the first Samuel chapter 13 real quick.
Backing up a little bit from my chapter 13.
And first, I think it's 14.
Okay, what Saul had known, he didn't entreat the Lord.
He wanted to sacrifice after the battle was getting heavy.
Let's go to verse eight of chapter 13.
This is the self-will of Saul.
He turned seven days versus, this is verse eight of chapter 13.
He turned, he turned seven
Seven days and according to the set time, Samuel had appointed, but Samuel came to Gilgal and the people were scattered from him.
And Saul said, bring me a burnt offering unto me and a peace offering.
So he offered the burnt offering.
What has happened is he got scared of his armies who God said destroy.
This is paraphrasing a little bit.
So instead of
going to God, running to God when he's in trouble and saying, Lord, what should I do?
Give me God.
He says, no, we're not, we're going to offer our sacrifice and we're going to offer burn off our peace offering for these people.
And Samuel said, verse 11, what has thou done?
And Saul said, because I saw the people were scattered from me and that thou came with not within the days appointed, that the Philistine gathered themselves together in this, mitchbox, mitchbox.
Therefore said, either this Philistine will come down upon me and guilt to Gilgal.
I have not made a supplication unto the Lord.
There's this problem right there.
I have not sought the Lord's guidance.
I've forced myself therefore and offered a burnt offering.
In Samuel told Saul that one is done foolishly.
That's a self will.
You're trying to figure it out on your own.
You're trying to do it on your own.
And thou hast not kept the commandment of the Lord thy God, which he commanded.
My pages were stuck.
Commanded thee for now, would thy Lord have established thy kingdom upon Israel forever.
Now this is before David even came on the scene here.
But now the kingdom shall not continue.
Thy kingdom shall not continue.
The Lord hath sought him a man,
after his own heart.
He sawed him a man after his own.
And this is why if you study the whole life, I'm not going to have time to actually finish this.
I have to finish it the next time that David constantly, constantly, constantly messed up.
He numbered the tribes.
God said, don't number them.
He numbered them.
What'd that do?
That put the people off.
We don't have enough people to
to wipe these out.
It doesn't matter if you got one or you got 20 or you got 20,000.
If God is behind it, you can't lose.
I did not want David to number the tribes because their confidence would be in the numbers of the army rather than the power of God.
David numbered them.
So God so God told David that
Okay, set up a plague there.
Wiped out a bunch of the people there, but the Lord told David, I'll steal the plague and save the people, but you go by the threshing floor.
This is where the Mariah is now.
This is where the actual temple was actually built.
We've studied that before.
I'm not going to go there, but he had to go and set up an altar, set up a sacrifice and to stop the plague.
So he repented.
He did not run from God as Saul did.
going to a witch, a soul did, self will.
David runs the guy and said, Lord, I have sinned, I have sinned against you and numbered the people.
Lord said, okay, I'll accept your repentance, let's do this.
Then David, I'll assume after that, what did he do?
He becomes king, I'm gonna skip it here because I'm running out of time, becomes king.
And this is paraphrasing, I'm gonna,
Get to the scripture the next time I teach on this.
Next time.
He's kingdom, he's got power.
He's got power in the kingdom.
The battle is, the battle is, they're having a big battle.
David steps, I don't wanna saw.
Debt, I'm a palace.
He looks over there, wow.
That's a beautiful woman over there.
Go fetch her.
Oh, don't, don't do that.
That's your highest wife.
You know, that's the daughter of all the kids, the name I don't want to have time to get to the scripture.
David says, fetch her.
They bring her there.
She gets pregnant.
Okay.
He takes, he said, Oh, no, she goes back and tells him she's pregnant.
I'm going to cover this a little much more detail next time to show you the how this man.
So he tried to cover her up.
He said, go get your eye.
Pull him off the battlefield.
You didn't know nothing about Uriah, he just was looking at the chick on the roof.
Hey, go on in there, spend a couple of weeks with your wife and then we'll go back to the battle.
He wanted her to go sleep with his wife and get in so he could cover this sin up because she was pregnant with David's child.
Uriah says, I'm not doing that.
When all my friends right here on the battlefield, I'm not going to sit here and go ahead and enjoy the pleasures of life for this little bit of time.
When we got this battle going on, he wasn't on the front line at that point.
So David's thinking, oh, no, he ain't going to go in there.
Oh boy, I'm in big trouble now.
Tells the captains, send him to the front line of the battle where the battle is as hard as it can be.
Knowing that's murder.
Send him there.
He said, we're not doing this.
He said, I'm not.
I'm ashamed of myself for what I've done.
Send me an egg, your eye was killed.
This will be much deeper next time I teach.
So then what happens is, your eye is dead and he's found out, he's called out for it.
And David, he told us the story, I don't want to get into it because I won't have time to finish to wrap it up.
He was called, I said, you're the man that did this.
He said, oh God, you're right.
He didn't say, well, let's see how we can cover this up.
Let's see how we can, he goes running to God.
God, I'm so sorry.
I messed up.
That child died.
He married Bathsheba and had Solomon who became the king of Israel.
I'm gonna get deeper into this, I'm gonna have to close here.
The story behind all of that right there is you can mess up, you can mess up,
You can mess up, and you can mess up, and you can mess up.
But running from God solves nothing.
Run to God with a repentant heart.
So what if you're called out?
So what if you're busted?
I mean, that happens.
But God knows the heart.
It was David confessing because he was busted.
It was David.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry this happened.
Wash me.
Make me white as snow.
I'm so sorry.
And that's why God says, that's a man after my whole heart.
Not only did he own it, not only did he repent it, but he has asked me to cover him.
And let me tell you, that's how every one of us ought to deal with sin and all life.
There's not a one of us that don't sin, not one of us.
We think we know.
You're fooling yourself.
Everyone of us is a daily battle.
But we need to keep on our knees.
We need to keep on our mothers with the heart, with our clean up.
Oh God, I'm so sorry.
I said, I'm so sorry.
I didn't.
I'm not justifying what David did, but God put his hand on mercy on him and they said, okay, I know this man's heart.
My son, Jesus Christ is going to sit on his throne.
Yeah, he murdered.
Yeah, he had 50 compound concubines.
Yeah, he had 75 wives.
Yeah, he had a lustful wife.
But his heart is always coming to me when he's in trouble.
And he gives me praise.
When he's trouble, he has forgiveness.
When he's in trouble, he comes running to me.
I swear, David is one of my favorite ones in the Bible.
No matter what he's done, no matter what he's done, never run for God.
Runs to the Savior, runs to God and owns it.
and says, Lord, I am so sorry.
He didn't have to come to his people and say, look, I'm sorry.
He goes to God on his knees and says, oh, God, I've sinned against you.
Not him.
I'm sure I've sinned against your idol, but you're the one I've sinned against.
And he owned it.
And I'll get deeper into that the next time, because it's all born and down to our favorite characters.
The lives underneath them.
And there's a lot more to that that I need to teach them.
There's a lot of lessons in that right there.
People will see you mess up.
They'll see it.
And they'll say all kinds of evil.
And always remember there's a difference in a conviction and a preference.
There's a difference in what this Bible calls out and what we prefer.
For instance, this is just me.
I'm not judging anybody that doesn't or has them or whatever.
Me, I despise tattoos.
I hate them.
I hate to look at them.
I hate to see them.
It nauseates me.
I'll never get one.
But I don't judge if you can paint yourself from your head to the bottom of your toes and God bless you.
I'm just not doing it.
That's a conviction with me.
I'll die before I get more.
And a preference is you like certain music?
God bless you.
I like this guy.
If you're not convicted of it, I can't force my convictions on you.
Just because I sin different than any of y'all.
That's a deep point there.
Don't judge me just because I sin different than you.
And I won't judge you because you sin different than me.
I'm not calling that sin.
I'm just saying that there's a difference in convictions and what this Bible calls sin and what we prefer.
You listen to Deacon Danny Kahoot.
For more information, visit our website at pewfordroadbaptistchurch.com